docs: improve documentation clarity and naturalness (#6460)
web-infra-dev/rsbuild: website/docs/en/guide/basic/typescript.mdx

Rsbuild supports TypeScript by default, allowing you to directly use `.ts` and `.tsx` files in your project.

## TypeScript compilation

> Rsbuild uses [SWC](/guide/configuration/swc) by default for compiling TypeScript code to JavaScript, and also supports switching to [Babel](/plugins/list/plugin-babel) for compilation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## TypeScript transformation

Rsbuild uses [SWC](/guide/configuration/swc) by default for transforming TypeScript code to JavaScript, and also supports switching to [Babel](/plugins/list/plugin-babel) for transformation.
```
